Add `simplex install <dep>` functionality (#110)
BlockstreamResearch/smplx: README.md

- `simplex init` - Initializes a new Simplex project.
- `simplex config` - Prints the current config.

> - `simplex install [DEP]...` - Installs SimplicityHL dependencies. With no arguments, installs everything listed in `[dependencies]`. With one or more `DEP` arguments, appends new entries to `[dependencies]` and installs them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `simplex install <dep> <dep>` - Installs SimplicityHL dependencies. Without a <dep> provided, installs everything listed in the `[dependencies]` config section. With one or more <dep> arguments, appends new entries to the config and then installs everything.
```
